[Workers] document new Workers Logpush character limits (#16009)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/observability/logging/logpush.md

## Limits

The `logs` and `exceptions` fields have a combined limit of 16,384 characters before fields will start being truncated. Characters are counted in the order of all `exceptions.name`s, `exceptions.message`s, and then `logs.message`s.

Once that character limit is reached all fields will be truncated with `"<<<Logpush: *field* truncated>>>"` unless the field is smaller than the warning text, e.g. `"short log"` won't be replaced with `"<<<Logpush: messages truncated>>>"` since it's shorter than the warning.

### Example

> For this example suppose our Logpush event looks like the JSON below and the limit is 50 characters. The algorithm will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To illustrate this, suppose our Logpush event looks like the JSON below and the limit is 50 characters (rather than the actual limit of 16,384). The algorithm will:
```
